_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle:

# profile:
#   align: right
#   # image: prof_pic.jpg
#   image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
#   more_info: >
#     <p>Email: xzheng235-c [at] my.cityu.edu.hk</p>
#     <p><[Prof. Cong Wang](https://www.cs.cityu.edu.hk/~congwang/)/p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Postdoctoral Fellow \\
[Department of Computer Science](https://www.cs.cityu.edu.hk) \\
[City University of Hong Kong](https://www.cityu.edu.hk) \\
Email: xzheng235-c [at] my.cityu.edu.hk \\
[Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=lqirTjkAAAAJ&view_op=list_works&sortby=pubdate) | [GitHub](https://github.com/x-zheng16?preview=true&tab=repositories) | [CityU Scholar](https://scholars.cityu.edu.hk/en/persons/xiang-zheng(1bedd262-cda0-4bd3-b42c-98526a5edb04)/publications.html?remoteOrigin=false&page=0) | [CV](../assets/pdf/CV-Xiang Zheng.pdf)

I am a Postdoctoral Fellow at the Department of Computer Science, City University of Hong Kong, working under the supervision of [Prof. Cong Wang](https://www.cs.cityu.edu.hk/~congwang/). My research is positioned at the intersection of **Reinforcement Learning**, **Trustworthy AI**, **Generative AI**, and **Robot Learning**. I am particularly passionate about developing robust and efficient reinforcement learning algorithms to enable **Trustworthy Decision Making** in real-world systems. I have been honored to receive the prestigious [CityU Presidential PhD Scholarship](https://www.cityu.edu.hk/media/news/2020/06/16/prestigious-new-scholarships-hk156m-world-class-phd-candidates).

I received my Ph.D. from the [Department of Computer Science](https://www.cs.cityu.edu.hk) at [City University of Hong Kong](https://www.cityu.edu.hk) in 2024, under the guidance of Prof. Cong Wang. Prior to that, I earned my Master’s degree in Control Science and Engineering from the [Department of Automation](https://www.au.tsinghua.edu.cn/en/) at [Tsinghua University](https://www.tsinghua.edu.cn/en/) in 2019, where I was advised by [Prof. Tao Zhang](https://www.au.tsinghua.edu.cn/info/1110/1573.htm). I hold dual Bachelor's degrees in Automation and Mathematics from the [Shen Yuan Honors College](https://hc.buaa.edu.cn) (formerly the School of Advanced Engineering) at [Beihang University](https://ev.buaa.edu.cn), where I graduated in 2016.

Commit message:

Update to Research Assistant Professor at HKAI-Sci, new email

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle:

# profile:
#   align: right
#   # image: prof_pic.jpg
#   image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
#   more_info: >
#     <p>Email: xiang.zheng [at] cityu.edu.hk</p>
#     <p><[Prof. Cong Wang](https://www.cs.cityu.edu.hk/~congwang/)/p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Research Assistant Professor \\
[Hong Kong Institute of AI for Science (HKAI-Sci)](https://hkais.hk) \\
[City University of Hong Kong](https://www.cityu.edu.hk) \\
Email: xiang.zheng [at] cityu.edu.hk \\
[Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=lqirTjkAAAAJ&view_op=list_works&sortby=pubdate) | [GitHub](https://github.com/x-zheng16?preview=true&tab=repositories) | [CityU Scholar](https://scholars.cityu.edu.hk/en/persons/xiang-zheng(1bedd262-cda0-4bd3-b42c-98526a5edb04)/publications.html?remoteOrigin=false&page=0) | [CV](../assets/pdf/CV-Xiang Zheng.pdf)

I am a Research Assistant Professor at the [Hong Kong Institute of AI for Science (HKAI-Sci)](https://hkais.hk), City University of Hong Kong. My research is positioned at the intersection of **Reinforcement Learning**, **Trustworthy AI**, **Generative AI**, and **Robot Learning**. I am particularly passionate about developing robust and efficient reinforcement learning algorithms to enable **Trustworthy Decision Making** in real-world systems. I have been honored to receive the prestigious [CityU Presidential PhD Scholarship](https://www.cityu.edu.hk/media/news/2020/06/16/prestigious-new-scholarships-hk156m-world-class-phd-candidates).

I received my Ph.D. from the [Department of Computer Science](https://www.cs.cityu.edu.hk) at [City University of Hong Kong](https://www.cityu.edu.hk) in 2024, under the guidance of Prof. Cong Wang. Prior to that, I earned my Master’s degree in Control Science and Engineering from the [Department of Automation](https://www.au.tsinghua.edu.cn/en/) at [Tsinghua University](https://www.tsinghua.edu.cn/en/) in 2019, where I was advised by [Prof. Tao Zhang](https://www.au.tsinghua.edu.cn/info/1110/1573.htm). I hold dual Bachelor's degrees in Automation and Mathematics from the [Shen Yuan Honors College](https://hc.buaa.edu.cn) (formerly the School of Advanced Engineering) at [Beihang University](https://ev.buaa.edu.cn), where I graduated in 2016.
